{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 GitHub Repository -> https://github.com/sheldonismydog/ds4200-hw3\
\
Published GitHub Page -> https://sheldonismydog.github.io/ds4200-hw3/index.html\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The website\'92s styling is designed to feel cozy, bright, and handmade just like the world of 
\f1\i Kirby\'92s Epic Yarn
\f0\i0 . Everything follows a soft pastel color palette with pinks, creams, and warm thread-like tones to match the game\'92s fabric theme and I color matched the pinks to Kirby\'92s shading from in game screenshots. The pages all share a stitched, rounded design style where borders look like they\'92ve been sewn on, and sections sit inside soft pink boxes with dashed outlines that are consistent throughout. The header and footer both have a simple, consistent layout with a stitched border line, giving the site a nice finished look segmenting the content from the information on headers and footrs. Navigation links in the upper right corner change color when hovered over, and clearly show which page you\'92re on with the titles. The home page banner stretches across the top and looks like it\'92s framed in fabric, while the packaging section uses a little grid layout that pairs text with game art. The bosses and side characters pages both use a card grid format where each character sits in their own rounded box with a dashed pink border, matching image styles, and short descriptions underneath. The whole layout stays responsive too\'85when you shrink the screen, the grids adjust from four columns to two or one so it still looks neat on smaller devices. All of the photos are pulled directly from the game Wiki which makes them all look consistent and organized. Overall, the style feels lighthearted, crafty, and very true to the Kirby vibe.\
}